Opportunity
Problem
People think travelling as costlier option. This leads to not exploring their horizons or living with their shells. As said best lessons you get from life is when you move out and
explore. I want to make travelling a afforable option and encourage society to step out of the comfort zone. 

Solution
Every problem has a solution. The best way to start working on it is by making customized and budget friendly packages which supports locals of that region. Bringing out the 
grassroot and offbeat places and promoting the local culture would definitely attract people. It would also be cost effective. The expenses would help in promoting new dimensions
to travel industry and as well encouraging the fellow citizens.

Market
We can market it at start through social media and mouth to mouth communication which stands effective and grabs highly reachable audience. Due to covid, travel industry 
had come to halt and we have number of places around the world which grows through travel. It would help in reviving the economy. This growth can be led to employment in 
travel industry and bring people closer to the local community

Competition
There are many competitors out there. But we stand unique in voicing "Vocal for Local". We give you best of experiences and memories. Trips are not about how much you spent or 
how many days was your visit. But how much your contribution lifts local economy and how you get rich in memories. Memories are the only things that never fades over time.

Why Us?
As said by Mr. Narendra Modi, we value customers and their priorities. We make customized trips according to the requirements of the clients in lesser cost. No compromise and 
you would fill up your bag with memories unlimited. Interacting with locals and residing with them, knowing their culture and traditions personally and more beyond be an 
explorer than calling yourself a tourist.

Expectations
These are the key considerations we are focusing on. We will be launching it very soon and reach out to the audience in better way to gain enough profits with right plan 
strategies.
Forecast

Financial Highlights by Year
Chart visualizing the data for Financial Highlights by Year
Need actual charts? We recommend using LivePlan as the easiest way to create graphs for your own business plan. Create your own business plan
Next: Opportunity 
Start your own travel business plan

LivePlan logo
Your business plan can look as polished and professional as this sample plan. It's fast and easy, with LivePlan.
